# Sorting Algorithms

## Add Your Name Here

## Program Output

### Report at least five examples of program output to demonstrate that your `listsorting` program works correctly

TODO: Document and justify your choice for all of the experiment parameters
TODO: Make sure that you provide one output for each of the sorting algorithms

#### One output from running the `listsorting` program

#### One output from running the `listsorting` program

#### One output from running the `listsorting` program

#### One output from running the `listsorting` program

#### One output from running the `listsorting` program

## Experiment Design

TODO: Explain the setup for your experiment that you ran to characterize the
performance of the different configurations of containment checking algorithms.
For instance, you should consider the following parameters as a part of your
experiment:

- The specific sorting algorithm
- The starting size of the data container: small values (e.g., 1024 numbers) to big
  values (e.g., 1,048,576 numbers)
- The total number of doubles conducted during the experiment (e.g., 5 or 10)

TODO: You may need to design a custom experiment for certain sorting algorithms
due the fact that there may be some algorithms that are inefficient!

TODO: You must justify every part of your experiment design and then furnish
output examples to demonstrate that your program generates correct data!

## Research Questions

TODO: Clearly state at least three research questions that you want to ask and
answer by using the `listsorting` program. You should provide the research
questions in a list that where each list element starts with "RQ" and ends with
a question mark. Make sure that the totality of your research questions cover
all of the sorting algorithms provided by the `listsorting` program.

## Performance Analysis

### Empirical Evaluation

TODO: The output data tables provided above of the ones that you should
reference when you are reporting on your empirical evaluation.

TODO: Provide at least three paragraphs that explain which containment checking
algorithm is fastest, by how much it is faster, and how you knew that it was
faster, referencing the data in the aforementioned command outputs and the data
tables to support your response. You should make sure that you answer each of
the at least three research questions that you posed in a previous section.

TODO: Make sure that your responses explain WHY certain configurations are faster!
TODO: It is not sufficient to ONLY explain WHICH configuration is faster!

### Analytical Evaluation

TODO: Using the provided source code for the different containment check
algorithms, your textbook, your experimental results, and any relevant online
resources that you cite in this reflection, define the worst-case time
complexity, using the big-O notation, for the five sorting algorithms. Please
note that you do not need to prove the worst-case time complexity; rather you
may reference existing sources that tell you the worst-case time complexity and
then confirm that they are correct by using your empirical results.

## Professional Development

### What is challenging about designing an experiment to evaluate sorting algorithm's performance?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### Overall, what is the fastest sorting algorithm based on your empirical results?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.

### How do the empirical results suggest that you don't yet know the entire story about the performance of sorting algorithms?

TODO: Provide a one-paragraph response that answers this question in your own words.
